Clarify deadzone difference for `Input.get_vector()` in Controllers (#4651)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/inputs/controllers_gamepads_joysticks.rst

 .. code-tab:: gdscript GDScript

    # `velocity` will be a Vector2 between `Vector2(-1.0, -1.0)` and `Vector2(1.0, 1.0)`.
    # This handles deadzone in a correct way for most use cases.
    # The resulting deadzone will have a circular shape as it generally should.
    var velocity = Input.get_vector("move_left", "move_right", "move_forward", "move_back")

>     # The line below handles deadzone in a less optimal way. The resulting deadzone
>     # will have a square-ish shape when it should usually have a circular shape.

Reviewer: This is how I would word it:

```suggestion
    # The line below is similar to `get_vector`, except that it handles the
    # deadzone in a less optimal way. The resulting deadzone will have a
    # square-ish shape when it should ideally have a circular shape.
```

\+ this should be changed in the C# comment as well.
